docs/source/developer_guide/guides/1_simple_python_stage.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2022, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Simple Python Stage

## Background

Morpheus makes use of the MRC graph-execution framework. Morpheus pipelines are built on top of MRC pipelines. Pipelines in MRC are made up of segments; however, in many common cases, a MRC pipeline will consist of only a single segment. Our Morpheus stages will interact with the MRC segment to build nodes and add them to the MRC graph. In the common case, a Morpheus stage will add a single node to the graph, but in some cases it will add multiple nodes to the graph.

## The Pass Through Stage

To start, we will implement a single stage that could be included in a pipeline. For illustration, this stage will do nothing but take the input from the previous stage and forward it to the next stage. All Morpheus stages have several things in common, so while this doesn't do too much, it ends up being a good starting point for writing a new stage. From there, we can add our functionality as needed.

Defining this stage requires us to specify the stage type. Morpheus stages contain a single input and a single output inherited from `SinglePortStage`.  Stages that act as sources of data, in that they do not take an input from a prior stage but rather produce data from a source such as a file, Kafka service, or other external sources, will need to inherit from the `SingleOutputSource` base class.

Optionally, stages can be registered as a command with the Morpheus CLI using the `register_stage` decorator.  This allows for pipelines to be constructed from both pre-built stages and custom user stages via the command line.  Any constructor arguments will be introspected using [numpydoc](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and exposed as command line flags.  Similarly the class's docstrings will be exposed in the help string of the stage on the command line.

We start our class definition with a few basic imports:

```python
import typing

import mrc

from morpheus.cli.register_stage import register_stage
from morpheus.pipeline.single_port_stage import SinglePortStage
from morpheus.pipeline.stream_pair import StreamPair


@register_stage("pass-thru")
class PassThruStage(SinglePortStage):
```

There are four methods that need to be defined in our new subclass to implement the stage interface: `name`, `accepted_types`, `supports_cpp_node`, and `_build_single`. In practice, it is often necessary to define at least one more method which will perform the actual work of the stage; by convention, this method is typically named `on_data`, which we will define in our examples.

`name` is a property method; it should return a user-friendly name for the stage. Currently, this property is only used for debugging purposes, and there are no requirements on the content or format of the name.  However by convention the string returned by this method should be the same as the string passed to the `register_stage` decorator.
```python
    @property
    def name(self) -> str:
        return "pass-thru"
```

The `accepted_types` method returns a tuple of message classes that this stage accepts as valid inputs. Morpheus uses this to validate that the parent of this stage emits a message that this stage can accept. Since our stage is a pass through, we will declare that we can accept any incoming message type. Note that production stages will often declare only a single Morpheus message class such as `MessageMeta` or `MultiMessage` (refer to the message classes defined in `morpheus.pipeline.messages` for a complete list).
```python
    def accepted_types(self) -> typing.Tuple:
        return (typing.Any,)
```

The `supports_cpp_node` method returns a boolean indicating if the stage has a C++ implementation. Since our example only contains a Python implementation we will return `False` here.
```python
    def supports_cpp_node(self) -> bool:
        return False
```

Our `on_data` method accepts the incoming message and returns a message. The returned message can be the same message instance that we received as our input or it could be a new message instance. The method is named `on_data` by convention; however, it is not part of the API. In the next section, we will register it as a callback in Morpheus.
```python
    def on_data(self, message: typing.Any):
        # Return the message for the next stage
        return message
```

Finally, the `_build_single` method will be used at build time to wire our stage into the pipeline. `_build_single` receives an instance of the MRC pipeline segment along with a `StreamPair` instance. We will be using the segment instance to build a node from our stage and add it to the pipeline segment. The `StreamPair` argument is a tuple; the first element is our parent node, and the second is our parent node's output type. The return type of this method is also a `StreamPair`. Typically, we will be returning our newly constructed node along with our output type.
```python
    def _build_single(self, builder: mrc.Builder, input_stream: StreamPair) -> StreamPair:
        node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
        builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)

        return node, input_stream[1]
```

In most cases, a Morpheus stage will define and build a single MRC node. In some advanced cases, a stage can construct more than one node. For our purposes, a Morpheus _stage_ defines information about the type of node(s) it builds, while the _node_ is the instance of the stage that is wired into the MRC pipeline. To build the node, we will call the `make_node` method of the segment instance, passing to it our name and our `on_data` method. We used the `unique_name` property, which will take the name property which we already defined and append a unique id to it.
```python
node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
```

Next, we will define an edge connecting our new node to our parent node:
```python
builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)
```

Finally, we will return a new tuple of our node and output type. Since this is a pass through node that can accept any input type, we will return our parent's type.
```python
return node, input_stream[1]
```

## Putting the Stage Together
```python
import typing

import mrc

from morpheus.cli.register_stage import register_stage
from morpheus.pipeline.single_port_stage import SinglePortStage
from morpheus.pipeline.stream_pair import StreamPair


@register_stage("pass-thru")
class PassThruStage(SinglePortStage):
    """
    A Simple Pass Through Stage
    """

    @property
    def name(self) -> str:
        return "pass-thru"

    def accepted_types(self) -> typing.Tuple:
        return (typing.Any, )

    def supports_cpp_node(self) -> bool:
        return False

    def on_data(self, message: typing.Any):
        # Return the message for the next stage
        return message

    def _build_single(self, builder: mrc.Builder, input_stream: StreamPair) -> StreamPair:
        node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
        builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)

        return node, input_stream[1]
```

## Testing our new Stage
To start testing our new pass through stage, we are going to construct a simple pipeline and add our new stage to it. This pipeline will do the minimum work necessary to verify our pass through stage. Data will flow through our simple pipeline as follows:
1. A source stage will produce data and inject it into the pipeline.
1. This data will be read and processed by our pass through stage, in this case simply forwarding on the data.
1. A monitoring stage will record the messages from our pass through stage and terminate the pipeline.

First we will need to import a few things from Morpheus for this example to work. Note that this test script, which we will name "run_passthru.py", assumes that we saved the code for the PassThruStage in a file named "pass_thru.py" in the same directory.
```python
import logging
import os

from pass_thru import PassThruStage

from morpheus.config import Config
from morpheus.pipeline import LinearPipeline
from morpheus.stages.general.monitor_stage import MonitorStage
from morpheus.stages.input.file_source_stage import FileSourceStage
from morpheus.utils.logger import configure_logging
```

Before constructing the pipeline, we need to do a bit of environment configuration, starting with the Morpheus logger:
```python
configure_logging(log_level=logging.DEBUG)
```

Next, we will build a Morpheus `Config` object. We will cover setting some common configuration parameters in the next guide. For now, it is important to know that we will always need to build a `Config` object:
```python
config = Config()
```

In this example, we will use the `FileSourceStage` class to read a large file in which each line is a JSON object that represents an email message. The stage will take these lines and package them as Morpheus message objects for our pass through stage to consume. Let's setup our source stage:
```python
pipeline.set_source(FileSourceStage(config, filename=input_file, iterative=False))
```

Next, we will add our new stage to the pipeline as well as a `MonitorStage` which will measure the throughput of our pass through stage:

```python
pipeline.add_stage(PassThruStage(config))
pipeline.add_stage(MonitorStage(config))
```

Finally, we run the pipeline:
```python
pipeline.run()
```

The output should display:
```
====Registering Pipeline====
====Registering Pipeline Complete!====
====Starting Pipeline====
====Building Pipeline====
Added source: <from-file-0; FileSourceStage(filename=examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines, iterative=False, file_type=FileTypes.Auto, repeat=1, filter_null=True, cudf_kwargs=None)>
  └─> morpheus.MessageMeta
Added stage: <pass-thru-1; PassThruStage(args=(), kwargs={})>
  └─ morpheus.MessageMeta -> morpheus.MessageMeta
Added stage: <monitor-2; MonitorStage(description=Progress, smoothing=0.05, unit=messages, delayed_start=False, determine_count_fn=None)>
  └─ morpheus.MessageMeta -> morpheus.MessageMeta
====Building Pipeline Complete!====
Starting! Time: 1648834587.3092508
====Pipeline Started====
Progress[Complete]: 25229messages [00:00, 57695.02messages/s]
====Pipeline Complete====
```

## Putting the Pipeline Together
Note that this code assumes the `MORPHEUS_ROOT` environment variable is set to the root of the Morpheus project repository:
```python
import logging
import os

from morpheus.config import Config
from morpheus.pipeline import LinearPipeline
from morpheus.stages.general.monitor_stage import MonitorStage
from morpheus.stages.input.file_source_stage import FileSourceStage
from morpheus.utils.logger import configure_logging

from pass_thru import PassThruStage


def run_pipeline():
    # Enable the Morpheus logger
    configure_logging(log_level=logging.DEBUG)

    root_dir = os.environ['MORPHEUS_ROOT']
    input_file = os.path.join(root_dir, 'examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines')

    config = Config()

    # Create a linear pipeline object
    pipeline = LinearPipeline(config)

    # Set source stage
    pipeline.set_source(FileSourceStage(config, filename=input_file, iterative=False))

    # Add our own stage
    pipeline.add_stage(PassThruStage(config))

    # Add monitor to record the performance of our new stage
    pipeline.add_stage(MonitorStage(config))

    # Run the pipeline
    pipeline.run()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_pipeline()
```


### Alternate Morpheus CLI example
The above example makes use of the Morpheus Python API, alternately we could have constructed the same pipeline using the Morpheus command line tool.  We will need to pass in the path to our stage via the `--plugin` argument so that it will be visible to the command line tool.

From the root of the Morpheus repo run:
```bash
morpheus --log_level=debug --plugin examples/developer_guide/1_simple_python_stage/pass_thru.py \
  run pipeline-other \
  from-file --filename=examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines \
  pass-thru \
  monitor
```

Commit message:

More documentation fixes (#560)
* Fix grammar issues resulting from the SRF->MRC rename 
* Update docs to reflect that stages no longer run in a fiber
* Third-party isn't one word
* Set up is two words when its a verb, one word when a noun
* Replace usage of the word "look"
* Misc spelling & grammar fixes

Authors:
  - David Gardner (https://github.com/dagardner-nv)
  - https://github.com/bsuryadev
  - Bhargav Suryadevara (https://github.com/bsuryadevara)

Approvers:
  - Christopher Harris (https://github.com/cwharris)
  - Michael Demoret (https://github.com/mdemoret-nv)

URL: https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/pull/560

docs/source/developer_guide/guides/1_simple_python_stage.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2022, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Simple Python Stage

## Background

Morpheus makes use of the MRC graph-execution framework. Morpheus pipelines are built on top of MRC pipelines, which are comprised of collections of nodes and edges, called segments (think sub-graphs),  which can in turn be connected by ingress/egress ports. In many common cases, an MRC pipeline will consist of only a single segment. Our Morpheus stages interact with the MRC segment to define, build, and add nodes to the MRC graph; the stages themselves can be thought of as packaged units of work to be applied to data flowing through the pipeline. These work units comprising an individual Morpheus stage may consist of a single MRC node, a small collection of nodes, or an entire MRC subgraph.

## The Pass Through Stage

To start, we will implement a single stage that could be included in a pipeline. For illustration, this stage will do nothing but take the input from the previous stage and forward it to the next stage. All Morpheus stages have several things in common, so while this doesn't do too much, it ends up being a good starting point for writing a new stage. From there, we can add our functionality as needed.

Defining this stage requires us to specify the stage type. Morpheus stages contain a single input and a single output inherited from `SinglePortStage`.  Stages that act as sources of data, in that they do not take an input from a prior stage but rather produce data from a source such as a file, Kafka service, or other external sources, will need to inherit from the `SingleOutputSource` base class.

Optionally, stages can be registered as a command with the Morpheus CLI using the `register_stage` decorator.  This allows for pipelines to be constructed from both pre-built stages and custom user stages via the command line.  Any constructor arguments will be introspected using [numpydoc](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and exposed as command line flags.  Similarly the class's docstrings will be exposed in the help string of the stage on the command line.

We start our class definition with a few basic imports:

```python
import typing

import mrc

from morpheus.cli.register_stage import register_stage
from morpheus.pipeline.single_port_stage import SinglePortStage
from morpheus.pipeline.stream_pair import StreamPair


@register_stage("pass-thru")
class PassThruStage(SinglePortStage):
```

There are four methods that need to be defined in our new subclass to implement the stage interface: `name`, `accepted_types`, `supports_cpp_node`, and `_build_single`. In practice, it is often necessary to define at least one more method which will perform the actual work of the stage; by convention, this method is typically named `on_data`, which we will define in our examples.

`name` is a property method; it should return a user-friendly name for the stage. Currently, this property is only used for debugging purposes, and there are no requirements on the content or format of the name.  However by convention the string returned by this method should be the same as the string passed to the `register_stage` decorator.
```python
    @property
    def name(self) -> str:
        return "pass-thru"
```

The `accepted_types` method returns a tuple of message classes that this stage is able to accept as input. Morpheus uses this to validate that the parent of this stage emits a message that this stage can accept. Since our stage is a pass through, we will declare that we can accept any incoming message type. Note that production stages will often declare only a single Morpheus message class such as `MessageMeta` or `MultiMessage` (refer to the message classes defined in `morpheus.pipeline.messages` for a complete list).
```python
    def accepted_types(self) -> typing.Tuple:
        return (typing.Any,)
```

The `supports_cpp_node` method returns a boolean indicating if the stage has a C++ implementation. Since our example only contains a Python implementation we will return `False` here.
```python
    def supports_cpp_node(self) -> bool:
        return False
```

Our `on_data` method accepts an incoming message and returns a message. The returned message can be the same message instance that we received as our input or it could be a new message instance. The method is named `on_data` by convention; however, it is not part of the API. In the next section, we will register it as a callback in Morpheus.
```python
    def on_data(self, message: typing.Any):
        # Return the message for the next stage
        return message
```

Finally, the `_build_single` method will be used at stage build time to construct our node and wire it into the pipeline. `_build_single` receives an instance of an MRC segment builder (`mrc.Builder`) along with a `StreamPair` instance, which is a tuple consisting of our parent node and its output type. We will be using the builder instance to construct a node from our stage and connecting it to the Morpheus pipeline. The return type of `_build_single` is also a `StreamPair` which will be comprised of our node along with its data type.
```python
    def _build_single(self, builder: mrc.Builder, input_stream: StreamPair) -> StreamPair:
        node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
        builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)

        return node, input_stream[1]
```

For our purposes, a Morpheus _stage_ defines the input data type the stage will accept, the unit of work to be performed on that data, and the output data type. In contrast each individual node or nodes comprising a _stage_'s unit of work are wired into the underlying MRC execution graph. To build the node, we will call the `make_node` method of the builder instance, passing it our `unique_name` and `on_data` methods. We used the `unique_name` property, which will take the `name` property which we already defined and append a unique id to it.
```python
node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
```

Next, we will define an edge connecting our new node to our parent node:
```python
builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)
```

Finally, we will return a new tuple of our node and output type. Since this is a pass through node that can accept any input type, we will return our parent's type.
```python
return node, input_stream[1]
```

## Putting the Stage Together
```python
import typing

import mrc

from morpheus.cli.register_stage import register_stage
from morpheus.pipeline.single_port_stage import SinglePortStage
from morpheus.pipeline.stream_pair import StreamPair


@register_stage("pass-thru")
class PassThruStage(SinglePortStage):
    """
    A Simple Pass Through Stage
    """

    @property
    def name(self) -> str:
        return "pass-thru"

    def accepted_types(self) -> typing.Tuple:
        return (typing.Any, )

    def supports_cpp_node(self) -> bool:
        return False

    def on_data(self, message: typing.Any):
        # Return the message for the next stage
        return message

    def _build_single(self, builder: mrc.Builder, input_stream: StreamPair) -> StreamPair:
        node = builder.make_node(self.unique_name, self.on_data)
        builder.make_edge(input_stream[0], node)

        return node, input_stream[1]
```

## Testing our new Stage
To start testing our new pass through stage, we are going to construct a simple pipeline and add our new stage to it. This pipeline will do the minimum work necessary to verify our pass through stage. Data will flow through our simple pipeline as follows:
1. A source stage will produce data and emit it into the pipeline.
1. This data will be read and processed by our pass through stage, in this case simply forwarding on the data.
1. A monitoring stage will record the messages from our pass through stage and terminate the pipeline.

First we will need to import a few things from Morpheus for this example to work. Note that this test script, which we will name "run_passthru.py", assumes that we saved the code for the PassThruStage in a file named "pass_thru.py" in the same directory.
```python
import logging
import os

from pass_thru import PassThruStage

from morpheus.config import Config
from morpheus.pipeline import LinearPipeline
from morpheus.stages.general.monitor_stage import MonitorStage
from morpheus.stages.input.file_source_stage import FileSourceStage
from morpheus.utils.logger import configure_logging
```

Before constructing the pipeline, we need to do a bit of environment configuration, starting with the Morpheus logger:
```python
configure_logging(log_level=logging.DEBUG)
```

Next, we will build a Morpheus `Config` object. We will cover setting some common configuration parameters in the next guide. For now, it is important to know that we will always need to build a `Config` object:
```python
config = Config()
```

In this example, we will use the `FileSourceStage` class to read a large file in which each line is a JSON object that represents an email message. The stage will take these lines and package them as Morpheus message objects for our pass through stage to consume. Let's setup our source stage:
```python
pipeline.set_source(FileSourceStage(config, filename=input_file, iterative=False))
```

Next, we will add our new stage to the pipeline as well as a `MonitorStage` which will measure the throughput of our pass through stage:

```python
pipeline.add_stage(PassThruStage(config))
pipeline.add_stage(MonitorStage(config))
```

Finally, we run the pipeline:
```python
pipeline.run()
```

The output should display:
```
====Registering Pipeline====
====Registering Pipeline Complete!====
====Starting Pipeline====
====Building Pipeline====
Added source: <from-file-0; FileSourceStage(filename=examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines, iterative=False, file_type=FileTypes.Auto, repeat=1, filter_null=True, cudf_kwargs=None)>
  └─> morpheus.MessageMeta
Added stage: <pass-thru-1; PassThruStage(args=(), kwargs={})>
  └─ morpheus.MessageMeta -> morpheus.MessageMeta
Added stage: <monitor-2; MonitorStage(description=Progress, smoothing=0.05, unit=messages, delayed_start=False, determine_count_fn=None)>
  └─ morpheus.MessageMeta -> morpheus.MessageMeta
====Building Pipeline Complete!====
Starting! Time: 1648834587.3092508
====Pipeline Started====
Progress[Complete]: 25229messages [00:00, 57695.02messages/s]
====Pipeline Complete====
```

## Putting the Pipeline Together
Note that this code assumes the `MORPHEUS_ROOT` environment variable is set to the root of the Morpheus project repository:
```python
import logging
import os

from morpheus.config import Config
from morpheus.pipeline import LinearPipeline
from morpheus.stages.general.monitor_stage import MonitorStage
from morpheus.stages.input.file_source_stage import FileSourceStage
from morpheus.utils.logger import configure_logging

from pass_thru import PassThruStage


def run_pipeline():
    # Enable the Morpheus logger
    configure_logging(log_level=logging.DEBUG)

    root_dir = os.environ['MORPHEUS_ROOT']
    input_file = os.path.join(root_dir, 'examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines')

    config = Config()

    # Create a linear pipeline object
    pipeline = LinearPipeline(config)

    # Set source stage
    pipeline.set_source(FileSourceStage(config, filename=input_file, iterative=False))

    # Add our own stage
    pipeline.add_stage(PassThruStage(config))

    # Add monitor to record the performance of our new stage
    pipeline.add_stage(MonitorStage(config))

    # Run the pipeline
    pipeline.run()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_pipeline()
```


### Alternate Morpheus CLI example
The above example makes use of the Morpheus Python API, alternately we could have constructed the same pipeline using the Morpheus command line tool.  We will need to pass in the path to our stage via the `--plugin` argument so that it will be visible to the command line tool.

From the root of the Morpheus repo run:
```bash
morpheus --log_level=debug --plugin examples/developer_guide/1_simple_python_stage/pass_thru.py \
  run pipeline-other \
  from-file --filename=examples/data/email_with_addresses.jsonlines \
  pass-thru \
  monitor
```
