examples/digital_fingerprinting/production/morpheus/benchmarks/README.md, before:

<!--
# Copyright (c) 2021-2023, NVIDIA CORPORATION.
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
-->

# Running DFP E2E Benchmarks

### Set Environment

To set up and run the benchmarks on production DFP pipeline, follow the instructions provided [here](../../README.md). Once the Morpheus container and the MLFlow server have been set up and running with `docker-compose`. Attach to the Morpheus pipeline container and download the sample data from S3 per the document's instructions.


### Run E2E Benchmarks

Benchmarks are run using `pytest-benchmark`. By default, there are five rounds of measurement. For each round, there will be one iteration of each workflow. Measurements are taken for each round. Final results such as `min`, `max` and `mean` times will be based on these measurements.

To provide your own calibration or use other `pytest-benchmark` features with these workflows, please refer to their [documentation](https://pytest-benchmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Morpheus pipeline configurations for each workflow are managed using [pipelines_conf.json](./resource/pipelines_conf.json). For example, this is the Morpheus configuration for  `duo_training_modules`:
```
"test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e": {
    "file_path": "../../../../data/dfp/duo-training-data/*.json",
    "num_threads": 8,
    "pipeline_batch_size": 1024,
    "edge_buffer_size": 4,
    "start_time": "2022-08-01",
    "duration": "60d"
},
...
```

In addition to the Morpheus pipeline settings, we also have a configuration file called [modules_conf.json](./resource/modules_conf.json) that is specific to modules. When using MRC SegmentModule, pipelines need this configuration file. Additional information is included in the [Morpheus Pipeline with Modules](../../../../../docs/source/developer_guide/guides/6_digital_fingerprinting_reference.md#morpheus-pipeline-with-modules)

Benchmarks for an individual workflow can be run using the following:

```

pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py::<test-workflow>
```
The `-s` option allows outputs of pipeline execution to be displayed so you can ensure there are no errors while running your benchmarks.

The `--benchmark-warmup` and `--benchmark-warmup-iterations` options are used to run the workflow(s) once before starting measurements. This is because, if it does not already exist, the preprocessed data is cached during the initial run.

`<test-workflow>` is the name of the test to run benchmarks on. This can be one of the following:
- `test_dfp_inference_azure_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_inference_duo_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_azure_modules_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_azure_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_duo_stages_e2e`

For example, to run E2E benchmarks on the DFP training (modules) workflow on the duo logs:
```
pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py::test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e
```

To run E2E benchmarks on all workflows:
```
pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py
```

The console output should look like this:
```
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- benchmark: 6 tests -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name (time in ms)                               Min                    Max                   Mean                StdDev                 Median                   IQR            Outliers     OPS            Rounds  Iterations
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
test_dfp_inference_duo_stages_e2e          308.4402 (1.0)         441.9953 (1.0)         385.4835 (1.0)         52.7466 (1.0)         374.8979 (1.0)         73.1232 (1.0)           2;0  2.5941 (1.0)           5           1
test_dfp_inference_azure_stages_e2e        454.2198 (1.47)        625.3723 (1.41)        539.4551 (1.40)        77.5497 (1.47)        556.1858 (1.48)       143.2852 (1.96)          2;0  1.8537 (0.71)          5           1
test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e       13,701.4709 (44.42)    15,542.6684 (35.16)    14,604.7726 (37.89)      806.8470 (15.30)    14,486.1345 (38.64)    1,461.3735 (19.99)         2;0  0.0685 (0.03)          5           1
test_dfp_training_duo_stages_e2e        14,617.3350 (47.39)    15,589.4445 (35.27)    14,941.8147 (38.76)      403.5400 (7.65)     14,717.5218 (39.26)      526.5890 (7.20)          1;0  0.0669 (0.03)          5           1
test_dfp_training_azure_stages_e2e      26,091.4968 (84.59)    27,554.4906 (62.34)    27,014.1010 (70.08)      558.1178 (10.58)    27,148.0393 (72.41)      612.2293 (8.37)          1;0  0.0370 (0.01)          5           1
test_dfp_training_azure_modules_e2e     26,228.4464 (85.04)    29,457.1970 (66.65)    28,156.9607 (73.04)    1,252.0302 (23.74)    28,241.6172 (75.33)    1,698.1469 (23.22)         2;0  0.0355 (0.01)          5           1
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Benchmarks Report

Each time you run the benchmarks as above, a comprehensive report for each run will be generated and saved to a JSON file in  `./benchmarks/.benchmarks`. The file name will begin
with `000N` where N is incremented for every run. For example, the report file name for first benchmarks run will look like:
```
0001_f492e1952d5981527d89229e557006a1db992e5f_20230201_230822.json
```

A hook to `pytest-benchmark` was developed to add the following information to the JSON report:

GPU(s) used by Morpheus. For example:
```
"gpu_0": {
    "id": 0,
    "name": "Quadro RTX 8000",
    "load": "0.0%",
    "free_memory": "47627.0MB",
    "used_memory": "965.0MB",
    "temperature": "55.0 C",
    "uuid": "GPU-6fa37f47-763b-fc49-1b15-75b0d36525bf"
}
```

Morpheus config for each workflow:
- num_threads
- pipeline_batch_size
- edge_buffer_size
- start_time
- duration

Additional benchmark stats for each workflow:
- input_lines
- min_throughput_lines
- max_throughput_lines
- mean_throughput_lines
- median_throughput_lines
- input_bytes
- min_throughput_bytes
- max_throughput_bytes
- mean_throughput_bytes
- median_throughput_bytes

Commit message:

DFP benchmark related pytest error (#673)
- Skipping DFP production directory from pytest scan
- Updated DFP benchmarks README.md with prerequisites.

Authors:
  - Bhargav Suryadevara (https://github.com/bsuryadevara)

Approvers:
  - David Gardner (https://github.com/dagardner-nv)

URL: https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/pull/673

examples/digital_fingerprinting/production/morpheus/benchmarks/README.md, after:

<!--
# Copyright (c) 2021-2023, NVIDIA CORPORATION.
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
-->

# Running DFP E2E Benchmarks

### Set Environment

To set up and run the benchmarks on production DFP pipeline, follow the instructions provided [here](../../README.md). Once the Morpheus container and the MLFlow server have been set up and running with `docker-compose`. Attach to the Morpheus pipeline container and download the sample data from S3 per the document's instructions.

## Requirements
> **Note**: Make sure `gputil`, `dask` and `distributed` are installed in your Conda environment before running the benchmarks. Run the installation command specified below if not.

```bash
conda install gputil dask==2022.7.0 distributed==2022.7.0
```

### Run E2E Benchmarks

Benchmarks are run using `pytest-benchmark`. By default, there are five rounds of measurement. For each round, there will be one iteration of each workflow. Measurements are taken for each round. Final results such as `min`, `max` and `mean` times will be based on these measurements.

To provide your own calibration or use other `pytest-benchmark` features with these workflows, please refer to their [documentation](https://pytest-benchmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Morpheus pipeline configurations for each workflow are managed using [pipelines_conf.json](./resource/pipelines_conf.json). For example, this is the Morpheus configuration for  `duo_training_modules`:
```
"test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e": {
    "file_path": "../../../../data/dfp/duo-training-data/*.json",
    "num_threads": 8,
    "pipeline_batch_size": 1024,
    "edge_buffer_size": 4,
    "start_time": "2022-08-01",
    "duration": "60d"
},
...
```

In addition to the Morpheus pipeline settings, we also have a configuration file called [modules_conf.json](./resource/modules_conf.json) that is specific to modules. When using MRC SegmentModule, pipelines need this configuration file. Additional information is included in the [Morpheus Pipeline with Modules](../../../../../docs/source/developer_guide/guides/6_digital_fingerprinting_reference.md#morpheus-pipeline-with-modules)

Benchmarks for an individual workflow can be run using the following:

```

pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py::<test-workflow>
```
The `-s` option allows outputs of pipeline execution to be displayed so you can ensure there are no errors while running your benchmarks.

The `--benchmark-warmup` and `--benchmark-warmup-iterations` options are used to run the workflow(s) once before starting measurements. This is because, if it does not already exist, the preprocessed data is cached during the initial run.

`<test-workflow>` is the name of the test to run benchmarks on. This can be one of the following:
- `test_dfp_inference_azure_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_inference_duo_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_azure_modules_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_azure_stages_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e`
- `test_dfp_training_duo_stages_e2e`

For example, to run E2E benchmarks on the DFP training (modules) workflow on the duo logs:
```
pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py::test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e
```

To run E2E benchmarks on all workflows:
```
pytest -s --benchmark-enable --benchmark-warmup=on --benchmark-warmup-iterations=1 --benchmark-autosave test_bench_e2e_dfp_pipeline.py
```

The console output should look like this:
```
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- benchmark: 6 tests -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name (time in ms)                               Min                    Max                   Mean                StdDev                 Median                   IQR            Outliers     OPS            Rounds  Iterations
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
test_dfp_inference_duo_stages_e2e          308.4402 (1.0)         441.9953 (1.0)         385.4835 (1.0)         52.7466 (1.0)         374.8979 (1.0)         73.1232 (1.0)           2;0  2.5941 (1.0)           5           1
test_dfp_inference_azure_stages_e2e        454.2198 (1.47)        625.3723 (1.41)        539.4551 (1.40)        77.5497 (1.47)        556.1858 (1.48)       143.2852 (1.96)          2;0  1.8537 (0.71)          5           1
test_dfp_training_duo_modules_e2e       13,701.4709 (44.42)    15,542.6684 (35.16)    14,604.7726 (37.89)      806.8470 (15.30)    14,486.1345 (38.64)    1,461.3735 (19.99)         2;0  0.0685 (0.03)          5           1
test_dfp_training_duo_stages_e2e        14,617.3350 (47.39)    15,589.4445 (35.27)    14,941.8147 (38.76)      403.5400 (7.65)     14,717.5218 (39.26)      526.5890 (7.20)          1;0  0.0669 (0.03)          5           1
test_dfp_training_azure_stages_e2e      26,091.4968 (84.59)    27,554.4906 (62.34)    27,014.1010 (70.08)      558.1178 (10.58)    27,148.0393 (72.41)      612.2293 (8.37)          1;0  0.0370 (0.01)          5           1
test_dfp_training_azure_modules_e2e     26,228.4464 (85.04)    29,457.1970 (66.65)    28,156.9607 (73.04)    1,252.0302 (23.74)    28,241.6172 (75.33)    1,698.1469 (23.22)         2;0  0.0355 (0.01)          5           1
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Benchmarks Report

Each time you run the benchmarks as above, a comprehensive report for each run will be generated and saved to a JSON file in  `./benchmarks/.benchmarks`. The file name will begin
with `000N` where N is incremented for every run. For example, the report file name for first benchmarks run will look like:
```
0001_f492e1952d5981527d89229e557006a1db992e5f_20230201_230822.json
```

A hook to `pytest-benchmark` was developed to add the following information to the JSON report:

GPU(s) used by Morpheus. For example:
```
"gpu_0": {
    "id": 0,
    "name": "Quadro RTX 8000",
    "load": "0.0%",
    "free_memory": "47627.0MB",
    "used_memory": "965.0MB",
    "temperature": "55.0 C",
    "uuid": "GPU-6fa37f47-763b-fc49-1b15-75b0d36525bf"
}
```

Morpheus config for each workflow:
- num_threads
- pipeline_batch_size
- edge_buffer_size
- start_time
- duration

Additional benchmark stats for each workflow:
- input_lines
- min_throughput_lines
- max_throughput_lines
- mean_throughput_lines
- median_throughput_lines
- input_bytes
- min_throughput_bytes
- max_throughput_bytes
- mean_throughput_bytes
- median_throughput_bytes
