docs/source/index.rst, before:

..
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2022, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
   SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


.. This role is needed at the index to set the default backtick role
.. role:: py(code)
   :language: python
   :class: highlight

Welcome to Morpheus documentation!
==================================

NVIDIA Morpheus is an open AI application framework that provides cybersecurity developers with a highly optimized AI
pipeline and pre-trained AI capabilities that, for the first time, allow them to instantaneously inspect all IP traffic
across their data center fabric. Bringing a new level of security to data centers, Morpheus provides dynamic protection,
real-time telemetry, adaptive policies, and cyber defenses for detecting and remediating cybersecurity threats.

Features
--------

 * Built on RAPIDS
    * Built on the RAPIDS™ libraries, deep learning frameworks, and NVIDIA Triton™ Inference Server, Morpheus simplifies
      the analysis of logs and telemetry to help detect and mitigate security threats.
 * AI Cybersecurity Capabilities
    * Deploy your own models using common deep learning frameworks. Or get a jump-start in building applications to
      identify leaked sensitive information, detect malware, and identify errors via logs by using one of NVIDIA’s
      pre-trained and tested models.
 * Real-Time Telemetry
    * Morpheus can receive rich, real-time network telemetry from every NVIDIA® BlueField® DPU-accelerated server in the
      data center without impacting performance. Integrating the framework into a third-party cybersecurity offering
      brings the world's best AI computing to communication networks.
 * DPU-Connected
    * The NVIDIA BlueField Data Processing Unit (DPU) can be used as a telemetry agent for receiving critical data
      center communications into Morpheus. As an optional addition to Morpheus, BlueField DPU also extends static
      security logging to a sophisticated dynamic real-time telemetry model that evolves with new policies and threat
      intelligence.

Getting Started
---------------

The best way to get started with Morpheus will vary depending on the goal of the user. These users fall into two large groups: those who want to use the pre-built pipelines exactly as they are with few modifications (see :ref:`using-ngc-container`) and those who want to use Morpheus as a framework for implementing their own end-to-end workflows (see `Build in a Conda Environment <https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/branch-22.08/CONTRIBUTING.md#build-in-a-conda-environment>`_).

.. _using-ngc-container:

Using NGC Container
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Accessing Morpheus by pulling the pre-built `NGC container <https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/teams/morpheus/collections/morpheus_>`_ is best suited for users who do not need any customization and
are only interested in running Morpheus via the CLI. The pre-built container does not require checking out the source
code and is best suited for users who are new to Morpheus and don't require any customization.

Prerequisites
"""""""""""""
 * `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`__
 * `The NVIDIA container toolkit <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#docker>`__

To get started, first pull the NGC container:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/morpheus/morpheus:22.09-runtime

Launch an interactive container to start using Morpheus:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -ti --net=host --gpus=all nvcr.io/nvidia/morpheus/morpheus:22.09-runtime bash
   (morpheus) root@958a683a8a26:/workspace# morpheus --help
   Usage: morpheus [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...Options:
     --debug / --no-debug            [default: False]
     --log_level [CRITICAL|FATAL|ERROR|WARN|WARNING|INFO|DEBUG]
                                     Specify the logging level to use.  [default:
                                     WARNING]

     --log_config_file FILE          Config file to use to configure logging. Use
                                     only for advanced situations. Can accept
                                     both JSON and ini style configurations

     --version                       Show the version and exit.  [default: False]
     --help                          Show this message and exit.  [default:
                                     False]


   Commands:
     run    Run one of the available pipelines
     tools  Run a utility tool

See :doc:`basics/overview` for more information on using the CLI.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   morpheus_quickstart_guide

.. toctree::
   :caption: Basic Usage via CLI
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   basics/overview
   basics/building_a_pipeline
   basics/examples

.. toctree::
   :caption: Developer Guide:
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   developer_guide/architecture
   developer_guide/guides
   api

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 20
   :caption: Extra Information:
   :hidden:

   extra_info/performance
   extra_info/troubleshooting
   extra_info/known_issues

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#519)
- Include markdown documentation under the `examples` dir in Sphinx documentation builds by creating symlinks in `docs/source` to the md files in the examples dir.
- Replace some ableist language appearing in the documentation.
- Remove explcit calls to pipeline.build, this is no longer needed
- Update github url for Morpheus

relates to issue #495

Authors:
  - David Gardner (https://github.com/dagardner-nv)

Approvers:
  - Michael Demoret (https://github.com/mdemoret-nv)
  - https://github.com/raykallen

URL: https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/pull/519

docs/source/index.rst, after:

..
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2022, NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.
   SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


.. This role is needed at the index to set the default backtick role
.. role:: py(code)
   :language: python
   :class: highlight

Welcome to Morpheus Documentation
=================================

NVIDIA Morpheus is an open AI application framework that provides cybersecurity developers with a highly optimized AI
pipeline and pre-trained AI capabilities that, for the first time, allow them to instantaneously inspect all IP traffic
across their data center fabric. Bringing a new level of security to data centers, Morpheus provides dynamic protection,
real-time telemetry, adaptive policies, and cyber defenses for detecting and remediating cybersecurity threats.

Features
--------

 * Built on RAPIDS
    * Built on the RAPIDS™ libraries, deep learning frameworks, and NVIDIA Triton™ Inference Server, Morpheus simplifies
      the analysis of logs and telemetry to help detect and mitigate security threats.
 * AI Cybersecurity Capabilities
    * Deploy your own models using common deep learning frameworks. Or get a jump-start in building applications to
      identify leaked sensitive information, detect malware, and identify errors via logs by using one of NVIDIA’s
      pre-trained and tested models.
 * Real-Time Telemetry
    * Morpheus can receive rich, real-time network telemetry from every NVIDIA® BlueField® DPU-accelerated server in the
      data center without impacting performance. Integrating the framework into a third-party cybersecurity offering
      brings the world's best AI computing to communication networks.
 * DPU-Connected
    * The NVIDIA BlueField Data Processing Unit (DPU) can be used as a telemetry agent for receiving critical data
      center communications into Morpheus. As an optional addition to Morpheus, BlueField DPU also extends static
      security logging to a sophisticated dynamic real-time telemetry model that evolves with new policies and threat
      intelligence.

Getting Started
---------------

The best way to get started with Morpheus will vary depending on the goal of the user. These users fall into two large groups: those who want to use the pre-built pipelines exactly as they are with few modifications (refer to :ref:`using-ngc-container`) and those who want to use Morpheus as a framework for implementing their own end-to-end workflows (refer to `Build in a Conda Environment <https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/branch-22.08/CONTRIBUTING.md#build-in-a-conda-environment>`_).

.. _using-ngc-container:

Using NGC Container
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Accessing Morpheus by pulling the pre-built `NGC container <https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/teams/morpheus/collections/morpheus_>`_ is best suited for users who do not need any customization and
are only interested in running Morpheus via the CLI. The pre-built container does not require checking out the source
code and is best suited for users who are new to Morpheus and don't require any customization.

Prerequisites
"""""""""""""
 * `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`__
 * `The NVIDIA container toolkit <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#docker>`__

To get started, first pull the NGC container:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/morpheus/morpheus:22.09-runtime

Launch an interactive container to start using Morpheus:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run --rm -ti --net=host --gpus=all nvcr.io/nvidia/morpheus/morpheus:22.09-runtime bash
   (morpheus) root@958a683a8a26:/workspace# morpheus --help
   Usage: morpheus [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...Options:
     --debug / --no-debug            [default: False]
     --log_level [CRITICAL|FATAL|ERROR|WARN|WARNING|INFO|DEBUG]
                                     Specify the logging level to use.  [default:
                                     WARNING]

     --log_config_file FILE          Config file to use to configure logging. Use
                                     only for advanced situations. Can accept
                                     both JSON and ini style configurations

     --version                       Show the version and exit.  [default: False]
     --help                          Show this message and exit.  [default:
                                     False]


   Commands:
     run    Run one of the available pipelines
     tools  Run a utility tool

Refer to :doc:`basics/overview` for more information on using the CLI.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   morpheus_quickstart_guide

.. toctree::
   :caption: Basic Usage via CLI
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   basics/overview
   basics/building_a_pipeline
   basics/examples

.. toctree::
   :caption: Developer Guide:
   :maxdepth: 20
   :hidden:

   developer_guide/architecture
   developer_guide/guides
   developer_guide/examples/index
   api

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 20
   :caption: Extra Information:
   :hidden:

   extra_info/performance
   extra_info/troubleshooting
   extra_info/known_issues

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
